infra/src/readme.md, before:

# Manifests Deployment

### helm repo
```sh
helm repo add apache-airflow https://airflow.apache.org
helm repo add elastic https://helm.elastic.co
helm repo update
```

### minio [deepstorage]
```shell
kubectl apply -f app-manifests/deepstorage/minio-operator.yaml
kubectl apply -f app-manifests/deepstorage/minio-tenant.yaml
```

### hive metastore [metastore]
```shell
kubectl apply -f app-manifests/metastore/hive-metastore.yaml
```
### starrocks [database]
```shell
helm repo add starrocks https://starrocks.github.io/starrocks-kubernetes-operator
helm repo update
helm install starrocks starrocks/starrocks
```

### trino [warehouse]
```shell
kubectl apply -f app-manifests/warehouse/trino.yaml
```

### airflow [orchestrator]
```shell
kubectl create secret generic airflow-fernet-key --from-literal=fernet-key='t5u8Dst5tkt1F5fwsxnfEwGfytY3Ry5KrP02B32mPxY=' --namespace orchestrator
kubectl apply -f git-credentials-secret.yaml --namespace orchestrator
kubectl apply -f app-manifests/orchestrator/airflow.yaml
```

Commit message:

Add: Recommendation to change destination information

infra/src/readme.md, after:

# Manifests Deployment

Remember to always update the destination (cluster name) information in the yaml files.

### helm repo
```sh
helm repo add apache-airflow https://airflow.apache.org
helm repo add elastic https://helm.elastic.co
helm repo update
```

### minio [deepstorage]
```shell
kubectl apply -f app-manifests/deepstorage/minio-operator.yaml
kubectl apply -f app-manifests/deepstorage/minio-tenant.yaml
```

### hive metastore [metastore]
```shell
kubectl apply -f app-manifests/metastore/hive-metastore.yaml
```
### starrocks [database]
```shell
helm repo add starrocks https://starrocks.github.io/starrocks-kubernetes-operator
helm repo update
helm install starrocks starrocks/starrocks
```

### trino [warehouse]
```shell
kubectl apply -f app-manifests/warehouse/trino.yaml
```

### airflow [orchestrator]
```shell
kubectl create secret generic airflow-fernet-key --from-literal=fernet-key='t5u8Dst5tkt1F5fwsxnfEwGfytY3Ry5KrP02B32mPxY=' --namespace orchestrator
kubectl apply -f git-credentials-secret.yaml --namespace orchestrator
kubectl apply -f app-manifests/orchestrator/airflow.yaml
```
